docs: Update Windows build instructions (#1)
justinr1234/rippled: BUILD.md

## Prerequisites

> **Warning**

> > The commands in this document are guidelines which cannot always be successfully copy and pasted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The commands in this document are examples and cannot always be successfully copy and pasted.
```

> This document is written for multiple audiences,
> meaning that your particular circumstances may require some commands and not
> others.
> It is recommended to fully understand what the following commands do before running them.
>
> These instructions assume a basic familiarity with Conan and CMake.
> If you are unfamiliar with Conan,
> then please read the [crash course](#a-crash-course-in-cmake-and-conan)
> at the beginning of this document,
> or the official [Getting Started][3] walkthrough.

### All Platforms

To build this package, you will need [Python][] (>= 3.7),
[Conan][] (>= 1.52), and [CMake][] (>= 3.16).
If you are unfamiliar with Conan,
there is a crash course at the end of this document.

[Conan]: https://conan.io/downloads.html
[CMake]: https://cmake.org/download/
[Python]: https://www.python.org/downloads/

> If you've never used Conan before, use autodetect to setup a default profile:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you've never used Conan before, you can create a new profile, detecting the settings:
```
phrase copied from https://docs.conan.io/en/1.43/reference/commands/misc/profile.html

Also, no need to say anything about this, but as a heads up, I found this via google:

> I would also like to highlight that for production the profile auto-detection should not be trusted. Using your own profiles (probably managed with conan config install) is the recommended approach. To better emphasize this behavior, Conan 2.0 is also removing the automatic detection and creation of a default profile when it doesn't exist, and it will require a explicit command in 2.0 to detect and create a profile, that will include warnings that such profile output will not be considered stable, and subject to change its defaults from release to release)

~ https://github.com/conan-io/conan/issues/10185#issuecomment-996270361

conan profile update env.CXX=<path> default
```

## How to build and test

> Let's start with a couple of examples of common workflows.

Reviewer: Why are these examples being removed?

Author: @intelliot They are rewritten per-os instead of intermixed

Reviewer: post-rewrite, where is the example for Linux or MacOS?
